Vpc:
A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS Cloud. You can launch your AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into your VPC.
A networking service that you can use to establish boundaries around your AWS resources is Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC).
You can specify an IP address range for the VPC, add subnets, add gateways, and associate security groups.
vpc is a collection of region,IG,route table,and ACL.Amazon VPC enables you to provision an isolated section of the AWS Cloud. In this isolated section, you can launch resources in a virtual network that you define. Within a virtual private cloud (VPC), you can organize your resources into subnets.

Subnets:
A subnet is a section of a VPC that can contain resources such as Amazon EC2 instances. you can group resources based on security or operational needs. Subnets can be public or private.

Public subnets :
public subnets contain resources that need to be accessible by the public, such as an online store’s website.

Private subnets:
Private Subnets contain resources that should be accessible only through your private network, such as a database that contains customers’ personal information and order histories. 

In a VPC, subnets can communicate with each other. For example, you might have an application that involves Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet communicating with databases that are located in a private subnet.

Security Groups:
The VPC component that checks packet permissions for an Amazon EC2 instance is a security group. A security group is a virtual firewall that controls inbound and outbound traffic for an Amazon EC2 instance.

Route table:
A route table contains a set of rules, called routes, that determine where network traffic from your subnet or gateway is directed.

Subnet Route table:
Your VPC has an implicit router, and you use route tables to control where network traffic is directed. Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with a route table, which controls the routing for the subnet (subnet route table). You can explicitly associate a subnet with a particular route table. Otherwise, the subnet is implicitly associated with the main route table. A subnet can only be associated with one route table at a time, but you can associate multiple subnets with the same subnet route table.

NAT:
A NAT gateway is a Network Address Translation (NAT) service. You can use a NAT gateway so that instances in a private subnet can connect to services outside your VPC but external services cannot initiate a connection with those instances.
